# excel-challenge

# Written Report
# Three conclusions that can be drawn about the crowdfunding campains: For parent categories, each country showed higher succussful outcomes than failed or cancelled outcomes. For sub categories, each country had a majority of higher successful outcomes than failed or cancelled outcomes. As more years of data are collected, the count of outcomes over months become more linear.
# Some limitations of the data set: Though the data was collected from multiple countries, over 75% of the data was collected from the US. The other countries besides the US each supported only 3-5% of the data. The method in which the data was collected is not provided. 
# Some other possible tables that could be created could show: The difference could be calculated between the launch date and deadline to get the duration of the crowdfund. The duration could be broken into ranges and plotted versus the outcome of the crowdfund to show on a line graph based on the duration of the crowdfund what the outcome was. The average donation could be broken into groups. A pivot table could be created to show for each parent category or sub category how many crowdfunds had an average donation of a certain range. This information could be used to understand for a parent category or sub parent category what was being donated on average by backers to calculate how many backers would be needed to support the crowdfund. I believe it would have been interesting if data was provided how each crowdfund advertised themselves to obtain backers or what the relationship between the crowdfund and the backer was.

# Statistical Analysis
# The median better summarizes the data due to a high variance and standard deviation. With a high variance and standard deviation, the data is spread out farther from the mean. The data includes outliers which skew the mean to be higher than where the middle range of the data sits. 
# There is more variability with the successful campaigns than with the unsuccessful campains. I believe this makes sense. The successful campaigns may have taken a more aggressive approach in obtaining backers. The successful campaings, based on the data, were able to obtain more backers than the unsuccessful campaigns. 
